# Decision Support Modelling Notebooks

The USGS and GMDSI have produced a series of tutorial notebooks to assist modellers in setting up and using model-partner software in ways that support the decision-support imperatives of data assimilation and uncertainty quantification. These tutorials provide an introduction to both the concepts and the practicalities of undertaking decision-support groundwater modelling with the PEST/PEST++ and pyEMU suites of software. Their aim is to provide examples of both “how to use” the software as well as “how to think” about using the software. 

We have endeavoured to make these tutorials as accesible to as many people as possible. Workflows demonstrated herein are implemented programmaticaly in Python, employing functionality to interface with PEST/PEST++ available in pyEMU. However, concepts and the general approaches described are not limited to programmatic workflows. If you are interested in understanding how to implement pyEMU workflows, then you are encouraged to complete the jupyter notebooks yourself. If you just want to get a high-level understanding of decision-support modelling conceps and software, then you can simply read through the notebooks wihtout having to run the code yourself. GMDSI has also produced a separate set of tutorials which demonstrate non-programmatic approaches to working with PEST/PEST++ (https://gmdsi.org/education/tutorials/). 

Tutorials are designed to be modular and independent of each other. Each tutorial addresses its own specific modelling topic. Hence there is no need to work through them in a pre-ordained sequence. However, they also complement each other. Many employ variations of the same synthetic model, and are based on the same simulator (MODFLOW 6). 
