start_iteration 1  1  svda_super_par
termination_info_1 6 0 3 0 3
termination_info_2 0 3 0.01 0.01
termination_info_3 
parameter_file_save_started freyberg_pp.parb
parameter_file_save_finished freyberg_pp.parb
upgrade_model_runs_built
start_iteration 2  2  svda_super_par
termination_info_1 6 1 3 0 3
termination_info_2 0 3 0.01 0.01
termination_info_3  1719.31
parameter_file_save_started freyberg_pp.parb
parameter_file_save_finished freyberg_pp.parb
jacobian_model_runs_built
upgrade_model_runs_built
start_iteration 3  3  svda_super_par
termination_info_1 6 2 3 0 3
termination_info_2 0 3 0.01 0.01
termination_info_3  757.047 1719.31
parameter_file_save_started freyberg_pp.parb
parameter_file_save_finished freyberg_pp.parb
jacobian_model_runs_built
upgrade_model_runs_built
start_iteration -9999  -9999  svd_base_par
parameter_file_save_started freyberg_pp.parb
parameter_file_save_finished freyberg_pp.parb
jacobian_model_runs_built
